# Thông báo: Học bổng trao đổi ngắn hạn tại Canada -SEED-2 chính thức mở đơn đăng ký cho năm học 2026–2027

- URL: https://www.uit.edu.vn/bai-viet/thong-bao-hoc-bong-trao-doi-ngan-han-tai-canada-seed-2-chinh-thuc-mo-don-dang-ky-cho-nam-hoc-2026-2027
- Source: Website chính UIT
- Crawled at: 2026-04-08T17:15:27.348131+00:00
- File type: html

## Extracted content

Thông báo: Học bổng trao đổi ngắn hạn tại Canada -SEED-2 chính thức mở đơn đăng ký cho năm học 2026–2027 23/01/2026 - 09:04 Xin thông tin đến các bạn sinh viên về chương trình Scholarships and Educational Exchanges for Development – Phase 2 (SEED-2) The Government of Canada is offering scholarship opportunities in the Indo-Pacific region through the Scholarships and Educational Exchanges for Development – Phase 2 (SEED-2) program. This program is an expansion of the Canada-ASEAN Scholarships and Educational Exchanges for Development (SEED). SEED-2 is a key initiative under Canada’s Indo-Pacific Strategy. The program provides opportunities for students from Member States of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), Pacific Island Countries and Mongolia to conduct short-term study or research in Canadian post-secondary institutions in areas that contribute to the implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. UIT is still waiting for the Canadian-partner universities to send UIT the invitation so we can't accept applications yet. In the meantime, students are highly encourage to read the LINK to prepare & finish all the required documents. It is because when UIT open call for applications, students must submit ASAP. Beside documents required by SEED-2 and Canadian-partner universities, UIT also requires: - Declaration: sign when submitting applications at Room A125 (in person under the supervision of the staff of the Office of External Relations) (attached template) - Language Proficiency Certificates: submit original documents or notarized copies if originals are unavailable (attached language requirements) - Student ID Card: bring when submitting applications - Academic Transcript: original copy signed and stamped by UIT - Other Documents: Supporting documents, such as awards and certificates (if available), can help with application evaluation. These should be submitted in the original English version or with a notarized English translation. Interested applicants are responsible for checking the website of the Office of External Relations and the forum regularly to receive updated information from SEED-2 and Canadian partner universities. Last year, UIT had 2 students joining in the student exchange program at University of Regina. Among these two: - One received the SEED award and got tuition fee waived - Another didn't get SEED award, but still got tuition fee waived. Applying for SEED-2 is a different process from applying for a student exchange slot at a Canadian university. Both processes must be done concurrently if an applicant wants to apply for SEED-2. If a student is able to afford his/her own accommodation + living expenses, he/she does not have to apply for SEED-2, but still needs to apply for a student exchange slot at a Canadian university (through the Office of External Relations). NOTE: UIT still has to wait for the invitation from University of Regina & Memorial University of Newfoundland. The purpose of this announcement is to allow UIT students to have more time needed. This is by no mean to guarantee that the Canadian partner universities will accept UIT's students application for SEED-2 nor their student exchange program. Thông tin chi tiết tại: https://qhdn.uit.edu.vn/vi/bai-viet/announcement-seed-2s-call-applications-2026-2027-year-now-open Đông Xanh - Cộng tác viên truyền thông Trường Đại học Công nghệ Thông tin
